Update docs on experiment tracking to add new plot feature (#1819)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/tutorial/set_up_experiment_tracking.md

# Set up experiment tracking

> Experiment tracking is the process of saving all machine-learning related experiment information so that it is easy to find and compare past runs. [Kedro-Viz](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-viz) supports native experiment tracking from [version 4.1.1](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-viz/releases/tag/v4.1.1) onwards. When experiment tracking is enabled in your Kedro project, you will be able to access, edit and [compare your experiments](#access-run-data-and-compare-runs) directly from the Kedro-Viz web app, as well as [see how your metrics have change over time](#view-your-metrics-timeline).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experiment tracking is the process of saving all machine-learning related experiment information so that it is easy to find and compare past runs. [Kedro-Viz](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-viz) supports native experiment tracking from [version 4.1.1](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-viz/releases/tag/v4.1.1) onwards. When experiment tracking is enabled in your Kedro project, you will be able to access, edit and [compare your experiments](#access-run-data-and-compare-runs) directly from the Kedro-Viz web app, as well as [see how your metrics have changed over time](#view-your-metrics-timeline).
```

![](../meta/images/experiment-tracking_demo.gif)

> Kedro-Viz also supports the [display and comparison of plots](../tutorial/visualise_pipeline.md#visualise-plotly-charts-in-kedro-viz). To include your plots in experiment tracking it is important to set the versioned flag to true within the project catalog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Experiment tracking on Kedro-viz also supports the display and comparison of plots such as Plotly and Matplotlib. Once you have [created your plots](../tutorial/visualise_pipeline.md#visualise-plotly-charts-in-kedro-viz) in your kedro-project, to include them in experiment tracking it is important to set the versioned flag to true within the project catalog.
```

> Experiment tracking on Kedro-viz also supports the display and comparison of plots such as Plotly and Matplotlib. Once you have [created your plots](../tutorial/visualise_pipeline.md#visualise-plotly-charts-in-kedro-viz) in your kedro-project, to include them in experiment tracking it is important to set the versioned flag to true within the project catalog.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Experiment tracking in Kedro-Viz also supports the display and comparison of plots, such as Plotly and Matplotlib. Once you have [created your plots](../tutorial/visualise_pipeline.md#visualise-plotly-charts-in-kedro-viz) in your kedro-project, you must set the versioned flag to `true` within the project catalog to include them in experiment tracking.
```

```
# conf/base/catalog.yml

reporting.confusion_matrix:
  type: matplotlib.MatplotlibWriter
  filepath: ${base_location}/08_reporting/confusion_matrix.png
  versioned: true
```

> Clicking on a plot will expand the image. If in comparison view, expanding a plot will show all the plots in comparison view for them to be compared side-by-side.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Clicking on a plot will expand it. If in comparison view, expanding a plot will show all the plots in that view for them to be compared side-by-side.
```

![](../meta/images/experiment-tracking_demo.gif)

## View and compare plot data

Experiment tracking in Kedro-Viz also supports the display and comparison of plots, such as Plotly and Matplotlib. Once you have [created your plots](../tutorial/visualise_pipeline.md#visualise-plotly-charts-in-kedro-viz) in your kedro-project, you must set the versioned flag to `true` within the project catalog to include them in experiment tracking.

```
# conf/base/catalog.yml

reporting.confusion_matrix:
  type: matplotlib.MatplotlibWriter
  filepath: ${base_location}/08_reporting/confusion_matrix.png
  versioned: true
```

> Clicking on a plot will expand it. If in comparison view, expanding a plot will show all the plots in that view for them to be compared side-by-side.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Clicking on a plot will expand it. When in comparison view, expanding a plot will show all the plots in that view for them to be compared side-by-side.
```

![](../meta/images/expand-plot-comparison-view.gif)

> Additionally, you can monitor the changes to metrics over time from the pipeline visualisation tab ![](../meta/images/pipeline_visualisation_icon.png). Clicking on any [MetricsDataset](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.tracking.MetricsDataSet.html) node will open a side panel displaying how the metric value has changed over time.

Reviewer 2: I think this should be moved to some sections above and not in the end under View and Compare Plots or maybe have it's own subtitle
